                ******  **      ** *******  ******** *******
               ******** **      ** ******** *******  ********
               **    ** **      ** **    ** **       **    **
                *****   **      ** ******** *******  ********
                  ***** **      ** *******  *******  *******
               **    ** ***    *** **       **       **  **
               ********<>********  **  ___  ______   **    **   __  ___
        /\      /\****     ***/\   ** /   \ \_   //\ **   /\** /  \/   \
       /  \    / /     /\    / _\    / -  /  /  //  \    / /  /        /
      / _\ \  /  \/\  /  \  / _/ \  /     \ /  // _\ \  /  \/\\       <
     /      \/      \/    \/     / /  -   //  //      \/      \\       \
     \__/\__/\______/\____/\____/  \_____//__/ \______/\______/ \__/\__/
 
       ########## ########## ########## ########## ########## ###  ###
       ########## ########## ########## ########## ########## ### ###
       ##      ##     ##         ##     ##      ## ##         ######
       ##########     ##         ##     ########## ##         ######
       ##########     ##         ##     ########## ##         ### ###
       ##      ##     ##         ##     ##      ## ########## ###  ###
       ##      ##     ##         ##     ##      ## ########## ###   ###


                          Super ACiD Block Attack


   Super ACiD Block Attack (C) Copyright 1997 Jason Pimble & Scott Emerle
                     Program Code (C) 1997 Jason Pimble
                   Program Graphics (C) 1997 Scott Emerle
          "I See It Now", (C) 1997 Jon Dal "Mesonyx" Kristbjornsson
               "Continuum", (C) 1997 Liam "The Lemming" Hesse
            "Tearing Up SpaceTime", (C) 1997 Liam "Lemming" Hesse
        "Inner Walls Released", (C) 1997 Bobby "Blackwolf" Tamburrino
            "Costumed", (C) 1997 Christopher "Irrelevant" Emerle
              "Simple Song", (C) 1997 Scott "Windsinger" Emerle



                                    Credits
                                    -------
                         Programming:  Jason Pimble
                            Graphics:  Scott Emerle
                        Music System:  Jean-Paul Mikkers
                               Music:  Liam Hesse
                                       Bobby Tamburrino
                                       Jon Dal Kristbjornsson
                                       Chris Emerle
                                       Scott Emerle


 NOTICE: THIS PROGRAM IS DISTRIBUTED AS IS.  DISTRIBUTION IS ONLY ALLOWED BY
 THE ORIGINAL SELF-EXTRACTING ZIP FILE.  THIS PROGRAM IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.  NO
 PROFIT MAY BE GAINED BY THE DISTRIBUTION OR SELLING OF THIS SOFTWARE.  ANY
 MODIFICATION MADE TO THE SELF EXTRACTION ZIP FILE, THIS DOCUMENT OR PROGRAM
 CODE IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.  WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE CAUSED TO
 YOU, YOUR COMPUTER, OR ANYTHING BY THIS PROGRAM.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Installation Instructions:

        Simply unzip the file SABA.ZIP resulting with the following files:

        SABA.EXE     -  The main Super ACiD Block Attack executable
        SABA.DAT     -  Program Datafile
        SABA.TXT     -  This document file
        SETUP.BAT    -  Setup BATCH file
        FILE_ID.DIZ  -  BBS information text
        SABA-W95.PIF -  Win95 game icon
        STUP-W95.PIF -  Win95 setup icon

        First time running the game, simply run the batch file "SETUP.BAT" by
typing it at the DOS prompt, or by clicking on the MS-DOS shortcut "STUP-W95"
from windows.  You will then be presented with a soundcard select screen.
Choose the appropriate sound card for your system (or select "Autodetect" to
have the program attempt at auto-detecting your soundcard).
        Simply run SABA.EXE thereafter to play the game in DOS, or double
click on the DOS shortcut "SABA-W95" from windows.




System Requirements:

        Super ACiD Block Attack has the ability to run on almost any system.  
Due to the nature of the music/sound system, a faster computer is needed for 
channel mixing.  If you experience sluggish response from your system, try 
lowering the mixing rate at the sound-setup screen.  Turn off the music as a 
last resort (it just makes the game a bit dull without the great music. :)

        No Music:      With Music & Full Mixing Rates:
        486/33mhz      Pentium 90

(Note: Mixing rates vary from sound-card to sound-card.  These ratings apply
to a Soundblaster 8-bit soundcard.  Some soundcards, such as the Gravis
Ultrasound, do hardware mixing, and will achieve the same results if not
better on a 486/33Mhz machine as compared to a Pentium 120 with a
Soundblaster.)

        A graphics card capable of displaying the screen resolution of
320x240x256 is also required.  If your system has trouble achieving this mode,
try using a vesa driver (such as UniVBE) to adjust videocard or monitor
settings.

        Super ACiD Block Attack will run under MS-DOS 3.1 or higher, and under
Win95 as well.  Better performance can be achieved under DOS than Win95.
Please use the shortcuts provided when running Super ACiD Block Attack under
Win95.  Super ACiD Block Attack will NOT run with sound under Windows 3.1, it
will crash the system if sound is enabled.  Also, sound will not work
correctly with a "Windows 95 only" sound card, a DOS compatiable sound card
is required.  Super ACiD Block Attack will not run correctly in Windows NT.


Running The Game:
        Super ACiD Block Attack is pretty self explanitory.  Simply follow the
onscreen instructions at the main-selection screen by using the arrow keys and
"ENTER" for choosing keyboard-setups, viewing high-scores, viewing credits,
and changing music selection.  To change the music selection, simply move
to the line that displays "Music:", and hit ENTER.  The game will then switch
to the next song available.

        The gameplay is simple, rotate and move the falling blocks to fill in
entire rows of blocks.  When an entire row is filled, the row disappears, the
board shifts downward, and you get points!  The more rows cleared at once, the
more points!  The game will increase in speed as the level increases(for each
10 lines), and the points per line will increase also. 

        The default keys for gameplay are:

          Rotate left:      'A' key
          Rotate right:     'S' key 
          Move piece left:  Left arrow
          Move piece right: Right arrow
          Quick drop:       Down arrow

Thanks,Greets and Misc:

        E-Mail: japi@dddgames.com
                afox@dddgames.com

        HTTP:   http://www.dddgames.com


        Hellos to Paul Mason, Neil Bradley and all other emulator authors,
everyone on #trax, #poetry.


 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------


 If you would like to include Super ACiD Block Attack in a CD-Rom collection, 
file archive, public domain catalogue or any other, please contact us!
